Fix issue with reading 32 bit blobs (#995)
datajoint/datajoint-python: docs-parts/intro/Releases_lang1.rst

0.13.4 -- TBA
----------------------

> * Bugfix - Added a module flag for reading 32-bit data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bugfix - Allow reading blobs produced by legacy 32-bit compiled mYm library for matlab. PR #995
```
